README.md, before:

# Boilerplate
This template should help get you started developing with Vue 2 in Vite.  
It is a boilerplate create by the command "npm init@vue2".

* note: # are for style and have no meaning.

### Project Setup - before the first run
npm install

### run for development purposes
npm run dev

# upload to github - windows OS
## create a new repository
1. go to https://github.com and create a new repository
2. enter Repository Name, choose public and press "create repository"
3. copy the URL in the light-blue square
4. **In the terminal run** ./initGit "URL"

## update and deploy an existing repository
2. **In the terminal, run** ./deploy "COMMIT_MESSAGE"
3. **IN GITHUB** set gitHub Pages to the branch "gh-pages" instead of "master" when creating a link.











## Not Relevant

Recommended IDE Setup:
[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

Customize configuration:
See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

Commit message:

direction to replace repo name in vite.config.js

README.md, after:

# Boilerplate
This template should help get you started developing with Vue 2 in Vite.  
It is a boilerplate create by the command "npm init@vue2".

* note: # are for style and have no meaning.

### Project Setup - before the first run
npm install

### run for development purposes
npm run dev

# upload to github - windows OS
## create a new repository
1. go to https://github.com and create a new repository
2. enter Repository Name, choose public and press "create repository"
3. copy the URL in the light-blue square
4. ** In the file vite.config.js** replace <REPO_NAME> with your repository name
5. **In the terminal run** ./initGit "URL"

## update and deploy an existing repository
2. **In the terminal, run** ./deploy "COMMIT_MESSAGE"
3. **IN GITHUB** set gitHub Pages to the branch "gh-pages" instead of "master" when creating a link.











## Not Relevant

Recommended IDE Setup:
[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

Customize configuration:
See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).
